---
title: Minic the transient nature of mind
tags: [Hearth Seeds]
date: 2025-12-25
---

Technology that is built in the spirit of openness. It is a tool of the mind
and it will always be nothing more than that. Some of the ideas that I am brooding
over is not set with that openness. In some way it is a response to how things are
currently. What innovation is possible in the social media space? What features
are limiting or playing to the disadvantage of us? One is growing expansion of 
social identity I feel. The core idea here is what if things fade away along with
time, just like memories. Memories need reinforcement to stay fresh. This nature of
transient is going to be part of the platform. To me it feels ok and not feels like
losing control over the content, which we all think we own. Indeed one owns the content
they create. It doesn't belong to the platform provider. by adding this feature, somewhere
that ownership is threatened. This is the major concern for bringing this feature.
but nature of the application can convince the user to accept it?
Other features if complement and show the benefit of this way of handling data for users might help.

That's what i am thinking of, probably our inability to maintain social hygiene and lack of better tools
to handle the growing data waste is teh concern for me, aLthough my social presence or footprints are not
so great, we are not thinking here in the spirit of me, you, she, him, they, them. Hopefully this is coming
from the spirit of social care and oneness.



